Product Reviews Top Products Appliances Babies & Kids Cars Electronics Health Home & Garden Money All Products A-Z All Product Reviews Appliances Dishwashers Refrigerators Vacuum Cleaners Washing Machines Babies & Kids Bike Helmets Car Seats Humidifiers Strollers Cars New & Used Cars Research Car Buying & Pricing Maintenance & Repair Tires Electronics Headphones Laptops Printers TVs Health Blood Pressure Monitors Fitness Trackers Hearing Aids Treadmills Home & Garden Generators Leaf Blowers Mattresses Snow Blowers Money Airlines Car Insurance Homeowners Insurance Luggage All Product ReviewsAppliances Most Popular Air Purifiers Coffee Makers Clothes Dryers Cooktops Dishwashers Humidifiers Microwave Ovens Ranges Refrigerators Thermostats Vacuum Cleaners Wall Ovens Washing Machines Water Heaters All Appliances More on Appliances Best Washer and Dryer Sets NewsVideos All Product ReviewsBabies & Kids Most Popular Air Purifiers Baby Monitors Bike Helmets Car Seats Children’s Health Cribs Doctors & Hospitals Flu Prevention & Treatment Guide Food Health Insurance High Chairs Humidifiers Strollers Thermometers All Babies & Kids More on Babies & Kids Best Infant Car Seats of 2019 NewsVideos All Product ReviewsCars Research Cars All New & Used Car Ratings Convertibles Hybrids/EVs Luxury Cars Minivans Pickup Trucks Sedans Small Cars SUVs Wagons Car Buying & Pricing New Car Buying Guide Used Car Buying Guide Build & Buy Car Buying Service® Used Car Marketplace All Car Buying & Pricing Maintenance & Repair Tires Car Batteries Car Repair Estimator All Maintenance & Repair All Cars More on Cars Best New Car Deals NewsVideosTalking Cars Podcast All Product ReviewsElectronics Most Popular Computers Cameras Fitness Trackers Headphones Laptops Printers Smartphones Smartwatches Sound Bars Streaming Media Players Streaming Media Services Tablets TVs Wireless Routers All Electronics More on Electronics Best Laptops of 2019 NewsVideos All Product ReviewsHealth Most Popular Bike Helmets Blood Glucose Meters Blood Pressure Monitors Elliptical Exercisers Fitness Trackers Food & Drink Guide Health Insurance Hearing Aids Humidifiers Sunscreens Treadmills Vitamins & Supplements All Health More on Health Flu Prevention & Treatment Guide NewsVideos All Product ReviewsHome & Garden Most Popular Flooring Generators Interior & Exterior Paints Leaf Blowers Mattresses Smoke & CO Detectors Snow Blowers Storm & Emergency Guide String Trimmers Toilets Water Filters Windows All Home & Garden More on Home & Garden Best Portable Generators From Consumer Reports' Tests NewsVideos All Product ReviewsMoney Most Popular Airline Travel Banks & Credit Unions Car Insurance Credit Card Comparison Tool Credit Cards Eyeglass Stores Grocery Stores & Supermarkets Homeowners Insurance Luggage Pharmacies Prepaid Cards Retirement Planning Guide All Money More on Money How to Avoid Rising Bank Fees NewsVideos News Take Action About Us Become a Member Donate One-Time Donation Monthly Giving Other Ways To Give SearchAll Products A-Z Become a Member Donate One-Time Donation Monthly Giving Other Ways To Give Sign In Remember Me Forgot username or password? Forgot username or password? Not a member? Join today Need further assistance? Please call Member Services at 1-800-333-0663 Join Consumer Reports Basic Membership is FREE. Show Password By clicking "Become a Member" you accept the terms of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy. Already a member? Sign In Welcome to Consumer Reports. We’re so glad to have you as a member. You now have access to benefits that can help you choose right, be safe and stay informed. Get Started Best Laptops of 2019 New laptops from HP, Microsoft to appear on store shelves just in time for the holidays. By Nicholas Deleon Last updated: January 01, 2019 0 SHARES Sharing is Nice Yes, send me a copy of this email. Send We respect your privacy. All email addresses you provide will be used just for sending this story. Thanks for sharing. Oops, we messed up. Try again later Just a few weeks before the holiday shopping season kicks into high gear, HP and Microsoft introduced a handful of new laptops that are likely to wind up on more than a few wish lists. Announced on Monday and Tuesday, respectively, the HP Spectre Folio and Microsoft Surface Laptop 2 and Surface Pro 6 are positioned as higher-end laptops for consumers seeking a premium computing experience. The Spectre Folio is an entirely new device to the HP lineup, a 2-in-1 convertible that’s wrapped in 100% genuine leather and is characterized by the company as nothing less than a “reinvention” of the PC. The Surface devices, meanwhile, focus more on internal updates to bring them in line with other 2018 flagships. The Surface Laptop 2 is a traditional notebook while the Surface Pro 6 is a 2-in-1 detachable, which means the keyboard can be disconnected from the display. “The Spectre Folio looks great, and they didn’t slouch on the internal components either,” says Patrick Moorhead, founder, president and principal analyst at Moor Insights & Strategy. “I don’t think you’re going to be editing 4K videos on it, but it has more than enough performance for things like Word and PowerPoint.” All three laptops are equipped with the latest Intel processors, speedy solid state drives, and a minimum of 8GB of memory. The Spectre Folio and Surface Pro also include built-in LTE, which lets you connect to high-speed cellular networks for an added fee. That’s not only convenient, but potentially more secure than connecting to your local coffee shop’s Wifi network. (Our advice? Don’t connect to one of those without a VPN.) More on Laptops Best Laptops Under $300 The Fastest Laptop for the Money How to Get Better Laptop Battery Life Best New Features in 2018 Laptops Consumer Reports tests dozens of new laptops each year, evaluating them on a range of factors, including performance, display quality, and battery life, so you don’t waste your money on a clunker. All products we test, whether they’re laptops, televisions, or dishwashers, are bought at retail stores. “If we accept a sample directly from a manufacturer, there’s always a risk it could be tweaked to perform better in our tests,” says Antonette Asedillo, who oversees computer testing for Consumer Reports. Consumer Reports now incorporates brand reliability and owner satisfaction data into the Overall Scores for laptops. These factors are based on surveys of our members. “Brand reliability and owner satisfaction are very important to people,” Asedillo says. “By combining that data with our lab test results, it becomes easier for consumers to see how all these different factors measure up.” Consumer Reports has also incorporated reliability and owner satisfaction into the ratings for desktop computers, tablets, and Chromebooks. Below are some of the best laptops of the year in each of five screen-size categories. Upgrade to read the full article and get access to digital ratings. We investigate, research, and test so you can choose with confidence. Upgrade Or, Sign In Become a member to read the full article and get access to digital ratings. We investigate, research, and test so you can choose with confidence. Become a Member Or, Sign In Upgrade to read the full article and get access to digital ratings. We investigate, research, and test so you can choose with confidence. Upgrade Or, Sign In 10- to 11-Inch: Samsung Galaxy Book 10.6 (64GB) The world of 10- to 11-inch laptops doesn’t exactly scream performance—the smallest machines often have relatively slow processors and small amounts of storage space and memory. But what these laptops lack in raw power they make up for in portability, making them well-suited for consumers who have modest computing needs but who value a light work bag. Take the Samsung Galaxy Book 10.6 (64GB), which has been available for a little more than a year. This $630 laptop can easily handle everyday tasks such as browsing the web, working inside apps like Microsoft Word and PowerPoint, and watching the occasional Netflix or YouTube video—but with only 4 gigabytes of memory, perhaps not at the same time. Asking this computer to, say, render Ultra High Definition 4K video in a reasonable amount of time may be asking too much. The included 64GB of solid-state storage is also on the modest size, so it may be prudent to plan on using a cloud storage service such as Dropbox or Microsoft OneDrive to store your files. However, for consumers looking for a small, Windows-based laptop that can be tucked into a bag, that can be carried to and fro without pulling a muscle, and that will last nearly 10 hours on a single charge, Samsung’s Galaxy Book is a solid option. 0 SHARES Sharing is Nice Yes, send me a copy of this email. Send We respect your privacy. All email addresses you provide will be used just for sending this story. Thanks for sharing. Oops, we messed up. Try again later Member Support Contact Us Account Settings What is Membership? Make a Donation Newsletters Give a Gift About About Us Career Opportunities Media Room Advocacy Product Reviews Appliances Babies & Kids Cars Electronics Health Home & Garden Money A-Z Index Magazine & Books Current Issue Magazine Archive 5 Year Index Bookstore More Video en Español Canada Extra Report a Safety Problem Buy a New Car Buy a Used Car Join Donate Facebook Twitter YouTube instagram Created with Sketch. Pinterest Privacy Policy (Updated Sept. 26, 2018) User Agreement Ad Choices © 2019 Consumer Reports, Inc.