Product Reviews Top Products Appliances Babies & Kids Cars Electronics Health Home & Garden Money All Products A-Z All Product Reviews Appliances Dishwashers Refrigerators Vacuum Cleaners Washing Machines Babies & Kids Bike Helmets Car Seats Humidifiers Strollers Cars New & Used Cars Research Car Buying & Pricing Maintenance & Repair Tires Electronics Headphones Laptops Printers TVs Health Blood Pressure Monitors Fitness Trackers Hearing Aids Treadmills Home & Garden Generators Leaf Blowers Mattresses Snow Blowers Money Airlines Car Insurance Homeowners Insurance Luggage All Product ReviewsAppliances Most Popular Air Purifiers Coffee Makers Clothes Dryers Cooktops Dishwashers Humidifiers Microwave Ovens Ranges Refrigerators Thermostats Vacuum Cleaners Wall Ovens Washing Machines Water Heaters All Appliances More on Appliances Best Washer and Dryer Sets NewsVideos All Product ReviewsBabies & Kids Most Popular Air Purifiers Baby Monitors Bike Helmets Car Seats Children’s Health Cribs Doctors & Hospitals Flu Prevention & Treatment Guide Food Health Insurance High Chairs Humidifiers Strollers Thermometers All Babies & Kids More on Babies & Kids Best Infant Car Seats of 2019 NewsVideos All Product ReviewsCars Research Cars All New & Used Car Ratings Convertibles Hybrids/EVs Luxury Cars Minivans Pickup Trucks Sedans Small Cars SUVs Wagons Car Buying & Pricing New Car Buying Guide Used Car Buying Guide Build & Buy Car Buying Service® Used Car Marketplace All Car Buying & Pricing Maintenance & Repair Tires Car Batteries Car Repair Estimator All Maintenance & Repair All Cars More on Cars Best New Car Deals NewsVideosTalking Cars Podcast All Product ReviewsElectronics Most Popular Computers Cameras Fitness Trackers Headphones Laptops Printers Smartphones Smartwatches Sound Bars Streaming Media Players Streaming Media Services Tablets TVs Wireless Routers All Electronics More on Electronics Best Laptops of 2019 NewsVideos All Product ReviewsHealth Most Popular Bike Helmets Blood Glucose Meters Blood Pressure Monitors Elliptical Exercisers Fitness Trackers Food & Drink Guide Health Insurance Hearing Aids Humidifiers Sunscreens Treadmills Vitamins & Supplements All Health More on Health Flu Prevention & Treatment Guide NewsVideos All Product ReviewsHome & Garden Most Popular Flooring Generators Interior & Exterior Paints Leaf Blowers Mattresses Smoke & CO Detectors Snow Blowers Storm & Emergency Guide String Trimmers Toilets Water Filters Windows All Home & Garden More on Home & Garden Best Portable Generators From Consumer Reports' Tests NewsVideos All Product ReviewsMoney Most Popular Airline Travel Banks & Credit Unions Car Insurance Credit Card Comparison Tool Credit Cards Eyeglass Stores Grocery Stores & Supermarkets Homeowners Insurance Luggage Pharmacies Prepaid Cards Retirement Planning Guide All Money More on Money How to Avoid Rising Bank Fees NewsVideos News Take Action About Us Become a Member Donate One-Time Donation Monthly Giving Other Ways To Give SearchAll Products A-Z Become a Member Donate One-Time Donation Monthly Giving Other Ways To Give Sign In Remember Me Forgot username or password? Forgot username or password? Not a member? Join today Need further assistance? Please call Member Services at 1-800-333-0663 Join Consumer Reports Basic Membership is FREE. Show Password By clicking "Become a Member" you accept the terms of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy. Already a member? Sign In Welcome to Consumer Reports. We’re so glad to have you as a member. You now have access to benefits that can help you choose right, be safe and stay informed. Get Started Car Repair Estimator Get a location-based car repair estimate. Provided by Benefits of the Repair Cost Estimator Never Overpay Our free estimator calculates a custom price for your vehicle repair. Encyclopedia Your destination for expert knowledge on popular car repairs. Access Valuable Tips Gain tips to help to get your car repaired right the first time. CR Expert Advice What You Need to Know About Car Maintenance & Repairs Check the Engine Oil At least once a month, check the oil level with a cold car parked on level ground—or per the owner’s manual. Assess the Air Filter Remove the air-filter element and hold it up to a strong light. If you don’t see light shining through, replace it. Inspect Car Belts and Hoses With a cool engine, look for signs of wear, stress, and cracks among the hoses and belts. Feel for usually soft spots on hoses. Check Tire Air Pressure Once a month and before any extended road trips, use an accurate tire-pressure gauge to check the inflation pressure in each tire, including the spare. Wash the Car Wash the body with a car-specific soap and, if necessary, hose out the fender wells and undercarriage to remove dirt and road salt. Waxing Car wax offers a great way to protect your car from scratches and preserve the shine, but even the best waxes last just a few weeks. Find a Shop for Your Brand of Car Many garages specialize in certain makes. Those that focus on your type are more likely to have the latest training and equipment to fix your vehicle. Check for Certification Your mechanic and shop should be certified by the National Institute for Automotive Service Excellence, or ASE. RELATED STORIES Tips on How to Maintain Your New Car How to Check Your Car's Engine Oil What Does the Check Engine Light Mean? How to Make Your Car Last 200,000 Miles Where to Go for Car Maintenance and Repairs What's RepairPal? Whether you decide to do the work yourself or hire a trained mechanic, Consumer Reports knows that getting your car serviced can be a stressful event. We've long helped car buyers make the right purchasing decision and now we're helping you to keep your car properly maintained. We are dedicated to helping you understand your car, the repair process and the costs involved, and our tools and advice will help you along the way. Provided by RepairPal, the Car Repair Estimator and Car Repair Encyclopedia will arm you with the information you need to repair and maintain your car, whether it's routine maintenance or an unexpected repair. RepairPal's mission is to take the mystery out of auto repair. Launched in 2007, RepairPal developed a patented auto repair price estimator that educates consumers about the fair cost of auto repair. If you have feedback about your experience with Repair Pal or you need help, please contact Customer Care. Repair and recall data provided by RepairPal.com © 2019. All rights reserved. Member Support Contact Us Account Settings What is Membership? Make a Donation Newsletters Give a Gift About About Us Career Opportunities Media Room Advocacy Product Reviews Appliances Babies & Kids Cars Electronics Health Home & Garden Money A-Z Index Magazine & Books Current Issue Magazine Archive 5 Year Index Bookstore More Video en Español Canada Extra Report a Safety Problem Buy a New Car Buy a Used Car Join Donate Facebook Twitter YouTube instagram Created with Sketch. Pinterest Privacy Policy (Updated Sept. 26, 2018) User Agreement Ad Choices © 2019 Consumer Reports, Inc. × Oops! You no longer have digital access to ratings and reviews. Reactivate now to get the information you were looking for! You will get digital access to reviews and ratings for over 8,000 products and services to help you make better choices for life’s big moments and the everyday ones in between. If you feel you have received this message in error, please view our customer care FAQs or access your account information here.