Product Reviews Top Products Appliances Babies & Kids Cars Electronics Health Home & Garden Money All Products A-Z All Product Reviews Appliances Dishwashers Refrigerators Vacuum Cleaners Washing Machines Babies & Kids Bike Helmets Car Seats Humidifiers Strollers Cars New & Used Cars Research Car Buying & Pricing Maintenance & Repair Tires Electronics Headphones Laptops Printers TVs Health Blood Pressure Monitors Fitness Trackers Hearing Aids Treadmills Home & Garden Generators Leaf Blowers Mattresses Snow Blowers Money Airlines Car Insurance Homeowners Insurance Luggage All Product ReviewsAppliances Most Popular Air Purifiers Coffee Makers Clothes Dryers Cooktops Dishwashers Humidifiers Microwave Ovens Ranges Refrigerators Thermostats Vacuum Cleaners Wall Ovens Washing Machines Water Heaters All Appliances More on Appliances Best Washer and Dryer Sets NewsVideos All Product ReviewsBabies & Kids Most Popular Air Purifiers Baby Monitors Bike Helmets Car Seats Children’s Health Cribs Doctors & Hospitals Flu Prevention & Treatment Guide Food Health Insurance High Chairs Humidifiers Strollers Thermometers All Babies & Kids More on Babies & Kids Best Infant Car Seats of 2019 NewsVideos All Product ReviewsCars Research Cars All New & Used Car Ratings Convertibles Hybrids/EVs Luxury Cars Minivans Pickup Trucks Sedans Small Cars SUVs Wagons Car Buying & Pricing New Car Buying Guide Used Car Buying Guide Build & Buy Car Buying Service® Used Car Marketplace All Car Buying & Pricing Maintenance & Repair Tires Car Batteries Car Repair Estimator All Maintenance & Repair All Cars More on Cars Best New Car Deals NewsVideosTalking Cars Podcast All Product ReviewsElectronics Most Popular Computers Cameras Fitness Trackers Headphones Laptops Printers Smartphones Smartwatches Sound Bars Streaming Media Players Streaming Media Services Tablets TVs Wireless Routers All Electronics More on Electronics Best Laptops of 2019 NewsVideos All Product ReviewsHealth Most Popular Bike Helmets Blood Glucose Meters Blood Pressure Monitors Elliptical Exercisers Fitness Trackers Food & Drink Guide Health Insurance Hearing Aids Humidifiers Sunscreens Treadmills Vitamins & Supplements All Health More on Health Flu Prevention & Treatment Guide NewsVideos All Product ReviewsHome & Garden Most Popular Flooring Generators Interior & Exterior Paints Leaf Blowers Mattresses Smoke & CO Detectors Snow Blowers Storm & Emergency Guide String Trimmers Toilets Water Filters Windows All Home & Garden More on Home & Garden Best Portable Generators From Consumer Reports' Tests NewsVideos All Product ReviewsMoney Most Popular Airline Travel Banks & Credit Unions Car Insurance Credit Card Comparison Tool Credit Cards Eyeglass Stores Grocery Stores & Supermarkets Homeowners Insurance Luggage Pharmacies Prepaid Cards Retirement Planning Guide All Money More on Money How to Avoid Rising Bank Fees NewsVideos News Take Action About Us Become a Member Donate One-Time Donation Monthly Giving Other Ways To Give SearchAll Products A-Z Become a Member Donate One-Time Donation Monthly Giving Other Ways To Give Sign In Remember Me Forgot username or password? Forgot username or password? Not a member? Join today Need further assistance? Please call Member Services at 1-800-333-0663 Join Consumer Reports Basic Membership is FREE. Show Password By clicking "Become a Member" you accept the terms of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy. Already a member? Sign In Welcome to Consumer Reports. We’re so glad to have you as a member. You now have access to benefits that can help you choose right, be safe and stay informed. Get Started Best Matching Washer and Dryer Sets Consumer Reports picks models that shined in our tough tests By Kimberly Janeway Last updated: January 05, 2019 0 SHARES Sharing is Nice Yes, send me a copy of this email. Send We respect your privacy. All email addresses you provide will be used just for sending this story. Thanks for sharing. Oops, we messed up. Try again later A matching washer and dryer look good together, but they don't always make a great couple. How does a high-efficiency top-loader that can't remove tough stains end up with a terrific dryer? Why does one machine run quietly while the other makes a racket? There's no reason you can't have a matching washer and dryer that each performed impressively in their tests at Consumer Reports. So to help you find the perfect pair of laundry machines, we're handling the matchmaking. MORE ON LAUNDRY APPLIANCES CR's Complete Guide to Washing Machines Washing Machine Ratings Clothes Dryer Ratings Most and Least Reliable Washing Machine Brands All washer types have their pros and cons, and we spell those out in our washing machine buying guide. Whether you're interested in a front-loader or top-loader, keep in mind that the washer is the more complex of the two machines in a laundry set—not to mention the hardest working—so you should choose it first.  As for dryers, the truth is that any model will get the job done—eventually. So why do we bother testing them? "Some dryers take longer, rely on higher heat, or they overdry laundry when you want it a bit damp," says Richard Handel, CR's test engineer for laundry appliances. "All of this is harder on fabrics and uses more energy." An Easier Way to Choose Performance is an important part of the Overall Score for both washers and dryers, but there's more to it than that. We also factor in predicted reliability and owner satisfaction from our annual member survey, which captures detailed information about 76,517 washers and 65,515 dryers purchased from 2007 to 2017. And because washers and dryers are products that people typically buy as a set, we take an extra step and calculate an Overall Score for each matching set in our ratings. The types of washers in the matched pairs here include front-loaders, high-efficiency (HE) top-loaders, and agitator top-loaders. LG dominates the top spots in our ratings of front-loaders, HE top-loaders, and dryers in part because of the brand's Excellent rating for predicted reliability. But there are plenty of other impressive sets to consider, too, from brands such as Electrolux, GE, Kenmore, LG, Maytag, Samsung, and Whirlpool. CR members can read on for ratings and reviews of 17 washer-dryer sets with impressive combined Overall Scores. The pairs are broken into three groups by washer type—front loader, HE top-loader, and agitator top-loader. Best Front-Load Washer and Dryer Sets Upgrade to read the full article and get access to digital ratings. We investigate, research, and test so you can choose with confidence. Upgrade Or, Sign In Become a member to read the full article and get access to digital ratings. We investigate, research, and test so you can choose with confidence. Become a Member Or, Sign In Upgrade to read the full article and get access to digital ratings. We investigate, research, and test so you can choose with confidence. Upgrade Or, Sign In These front-loaders all have an Excellent Overall Score. They can remove most tough stains yet are gentle on fabrics, and they use water efficiently. Front-loaders extract more water than other types of washers, cutting down on drying time and saving energy. Wash times listed are based on the normal wash/heavy-soil setting we use for testing, but keep in mind that the normal-soil setting on front-loaders is faster and works just as well for most laundry.  The companion dryers all earn a Very Good or an Excellent Overall Score, drying laundry in a reasonable amount of time without scorching it. They also have the sensitivity to leave clothes a bit damp, if you prefer. All of these sets run quietly or relatively so: You'll hear them working, but they shouldn't disturb you. Some of these appliances are bigger than usual, so be sure to check the full dimensions in our washer and dryer ratings to confirm they'll fit in your space. Prices are for the front-loader and matching electric dryer combined. Haggling may get you a deal on a pair.   0 SHARES Sharing is Nice Yes, send me a copy of this email. Send We respect your privacy. All email addresses you provide will be used just for sending this story. Thanks for sharing. Oops, we messed up. Try again later Member Support Contact Us Account Settings What is Membership? Make a Donation Newsletters Give a Gift About About Us Career Opportunities Media Room Advocacy Product Reviews Appliances Babies & Kids Cars Electronics Health Home & Garden Money A-Z Index Magazine & Books Current Issue Magazine Archive 5 Year Index Bookstore More Video en Español Canada Extra Report a Safety Problem Buy a New Car Buy a Used Car Join Donate Facebook Twitter YouTube instagram Created with Sketch. Pinterest Privacy Policy (Updated Sept. 26, 2018) User Agreement Ad Choices © 2019 Consumer Reports, Inc.