Product Reviews Top Products Appliances Babies & Kids Cars Electronics Health Home & Garden Money All Products A-Z All Product Reviews Appliances Dishwashers Refrigerators Vacuum Cleaners Washing Machines Babies & Kids Bike Helmets Car Seats Humidifiers Strollers Cars New & Used Cars Research Car Buying & Pricing Maintenance & Repair Tires Electronics Headphones Laptops Printers TVs Health Blood Pressure Monitors Fitness Trackers Hearing Aids Treadmills Home & Garden Generators Leaf Blowers Mattresses Snow Blowers Money Airlines Car Insurance Homeowners Insurance Luggage All Product ReviewsAppliances Most Popular Air Purifiers Coffee Makers Clothes Dryers Cooktops Dishwashers Humidifiers Microwave Ovens Ranges Refrigerators Thermostats Vacuum Cleaners Wall Ovens Washing Machines Water Heaters All Appliances More on Appliances Best Washer and Dryer Sets NewsVideos All Product ReviewsBabies & Kids Most Popular Air Purifiers Baby Monitors Bike Helmets Car Seats Children’s Health Cribs Doctors & Hospitals Flu Prevention & Treatment Guide Food Health Insurance High Chairs Humidifiers Strollers Thermometers All Babies & Kids More on Babies & Kids Best Infant Car Seats of 2019 NewsVideos All Product ReviewsCars Research Cars All New & Used Car Ratings Convertibles Hybrids/EVs Luxury Cars Minivans Pickup Trucks Sedans Small Cars SUVs Wagons Car Buying & Pricing New Car Buying Guide Used Car Buying Guide Build & Buy Car Buying Service® Used Car Marketplace All Car Buying & Pricing Maintenance & Repair Tires Car Batteries Car Repair Estimator All Maintenance & Repair All Cars More on Cars Best New Car Deals NewsVideosTalking Cars Podcast All Product ReviewsElectronics Most Popular Computers Cameras Fitness Trackers Headphones Laptops Printers Smartphones Smartwatches Sound Bars Streaming Media Players Streaming Media Services Tablets TVs Wireless Routers All Electronics More on Electronics Best Laptops of 2019 NewsVideos All Product ReviewsHealth Most Popular Bike Helmets Blood Glucose Meters Blood Pressure Monitors Elliptical Exercisers Fitness Trackers Food & Drink Guide Health Insurance Hearing Aids Humidifiers Sunscreens Treadmills Vitamins & Supplements All Health More on Health Flu Prevention & Treatment Guide NewsVideos All Product ReviewsHome & Garden Most Popular Flooring Generators Interior & Exterior Paints Leaf Blowers Mattresses Smoke & CO Detectors Snow Blowers Storm & Emergency Guide String Trimmers Toilets Water Filters Windows All Home & Garden More on Home & Garden Best Portable Generators From Consumer Reports' Tests NewsVideos All Product ReviewsMoney Most Popular Airline Travel Banks & Credit Unions Car Insurance Credit Card Comparison Tool Credit Cards Eyeglass Stores Grocery Stores & Supermarkets Homeowners Insurance Luggage Pharmacies Prepaid Cards Retirement Planning Guide All Money More on Money How to Avoid Rising Bank Fees NewsVideos News Take Action About Us Become a Member Donate One-Time Donation Monthly Giving Other Ways To Give SearchAll Products A-Z Become a Member Donate One-Time Donation Monthly Giving Other Ways To Give Sign In Remember Me Forgot username or password? Forgot username or password? Not a member? Join today Need further assistance? Please call Member Services at 1-800-333-0663 Join Consumer Reports Basic Membership is FREE. Show Password By clicking "Become a Member" you accept the terms of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy. Already a member? Sign In Welcome to Consumer Reports. We’re so glad to have you as a member. You now have access to benefits that can help you choose right, be safe and stay informed. Get Started Best Mattresses of 2019 Before you shop during the Presidents Day sales, check the top adjustable air, innerspring, and foam mattresses from CR's tests CR's Guide to a Good Night's Sleep 5 Signs Your Mattress Is Shot Best & Worst Sheets From CR's Tests The Best Pillow for the Way You Sleep How to Get Better Sleep Exclusive Mattress Ratings & Buying Guide Become a Member Join 6+ million members who believe that safety, fairness and honesty matter. Get independent ratings & reviews, trusted reporting, plus valuable tools and services. 8,000+ Ratings & Reviews 8,000+ Ratings & Reviews Unlimited digital access to our unbiased and independent ratings and reviews for products and services. Ask CR Ask CR Get one-on-one, trusted advice straight from a CR specialist. You Test You Test Ready, set, test! Tell us your experiences on the products you own and test your knowledge. Car Recall Tracker Car Recall Tracker Find out if your car has a recall and what to do next. Join Now! Best Mattresses of 2019 Before you shop during the Presidents Day sales, check the top adjustable air, innerspring, and foam mattresses from CR's tests Products Tested in Our Labs Our experts put thousands of products to the test each year in our 63 labs and 327-acre automobile testing track. Car Batteries 66 Rated Generators 40 Rated Humidifiers 62 Rated Mattresses 133 Rated Snow Blowers 65 Rated Space Heaters 48 Rated SUVs 96 Rated Tires 169 Rated TVs 269 Rated Vacuum Cleaners 195 Rated Washing Machines 128 Rated All Products A-Z 8,000+ Rated Latest From Consumer Reports Most and Least Reliable Vacuum Cleaners How to find a vacuum that lasts—reliability ratings based on CR members’ reports on more than 51,000 vacuum cleaners Mattress Face-Off: Avocado Green vs. Avocado Green Pillowtop When comparing top-rated mattresses from the same brand, does a pillowtop get you a better mattress? Car Owner Satisfaction: The Most-Loved Models Our exclusive survey-based ratings point to the cars, SUVs, and trucks that satisfy owners the most How to Turn Off Smart TV Snooping Features Smart TVs collect data about what you watch with a technology called ACR. Here's how to turn it off. 4 Products on Deep Discount in February Our lab test results and shopping tips will help you find the best products E-Scooter Ride-Share Industry Leaves Injuries and Angered Cities in its Path A Consumer Reports investigation finds 1,500 e-scooter injuries across the country, and many hospitals still don’t track them How to Plan the Perfect Road Trip Strategies for prepping and packing, paying less for gas, and keeping everyone healthy, safe, and sane Arsenic and Lead Are in Your Fruit Juice: What You Need to Know CR finds concerning levels of heavy metals in almost half of tested juices. Here’s how to protect yourself and your family. Tankless Water Heaters vs. Storage Tank Water Heaters CR experts weigh in on these water heater types, based on test results and payback time View More Site Tools & Features Build & Buy Car Buying Service CR's Guide to Privacy Best Time to Buy Guide Credit Card Adviser Comparison Tool A-to-Z Product Guide More Ways to Connect With Consumer Reports CR on Facebook CR on Twitter 'Consumer 101' TV Show 'Talking Cars' Video Podcast Sign Up for CR's Free Newsletters Inside the March. 2019 Issue 5 Signs Your Mattress Is Shot Best Cars for Every Life Stage The Data Breach Next Door Get More From Your Pharmacy View Current Issue We're Remodeling! Improved search - front and center Easy access to popular products At-a-glance product info, safety, advocacy and more We're just getting started... Let's see the BETA! Working for and with You How we've helped change the marketplace in your favor: 1964 Surgeon General’s Landmark Report on Smoking 1964 Surgeon General’s Landmark Report on Smoking For a decade, CR conducted independent testing and research to highlight the dangers of cigarettes. The Surgeon General’s Advisory Committee on Smoking and Health used CR’s work to draft its landmark report. 1968 U.S. Government Mandates Seat Belts 1968 U.S. Government Mandates Seat Belts CR tests showed two-thirds of seat belts failed basic safety and durability tests, leading CR to call for better belts and for federal standards that incorporated crash testing. The government later mandated them. 1981 Setting New Standards for Child Safety Seats 1981 Setting New Standards for Child Safety Seats When CR first crash-tested car seats, 12 out of 15 were rated Not Acceptable. After CR published its findings, the government required manufacturers to certify that their seats would pass a similar test. 1999 Exposing the Dangers of Pesticides 1999 Exposing the Dangers of Pesticides In a study of U.S. Department of Agriculture data, CR found pesticide levels in some fruits and vegetables were too high. Shortly after, one of the pesticides was banned for use on food crops commonly consumed by children. 2010 Consumer Financial Protection Bureau Created 2010 Consumer Financial Protection Bureau Created CR helped to mobilize support in Congress to create the CFPB, an independent agency responsible for overseeing the financial industry with powers to police abusive practices and to enact new consumer protections. 2013 Bisphenol-A Banned in Baby Products 2013 Bisphenol-A Banned in Baby Products CR was one of the first groups to test food packaging for BPA. After working to pass bans in several states, the FDA finally announced a federal ban on BPA in baby bottles and sippy cups (2012) and infant formula packaging (2013). 2014 A Win on Backup Cameras 2014 A Win on Backup Cameras After years of CR’s advocating for standards to address the problem of blind zones behind cars and trucks, the Department of Transportation finally required backup cameras in all vehicles less than 10,000 pounds by 2018. 2017 Health Insurance Mega-Mergers Blocked 2017 Health Insurance Mega-Mergers Blocked Four of the largest health insurers were seeking separate mergers. CR raised concerns about how the move would cut choices, drive up costs and compromise quality, pressing the Justice Department to block them. Member Support Contact Us Account Settings What is Membership? Make a Donation Newsletters Give a Gift About About Us Career Opportunities Media Room Advocacy Product Reviews Appliances Babies & Kids Cars Electronics Health Home & Garden Money A-Z Index Magazine & Books Current Issue Magazine Archive 5 Year Index Bookstore More Video en Español Canada Extra Report a Safety Problem Buy a New Car Buy a Used Car Join Donate Facebook Twitter YouTube instagram Created with Sketch. Pinterest Privacy Policy (Updated Sept. 26, 2018) User Agreement Ad Choices © 2019 Consumer Reports, Inc.