-lsb- Product Reviews Top Products Appliances baby & Kids Cars Electronics Health Home & Garden Money All Products A-Z all Product Reviews Appliances Dishwashers Refrigerators Vacuum Cleaners Washing Machines baby & Kids Bike Helmets Car seat Humidifiers Strollers Cars New & use car Research Car Buying & pricing Maintenance & Repair Tires Electronics Headphones Laptops Printers tv Health Blood pressure monitor Fitness Trackers Hearing Aids Treadmills Home & Garden Generators Leaf Blowers Mattresses Snow Blowers Money Airlines Car Insurance Homeowners Insurance Luggage All Product ReviewsAppliances most Popular Air Purifiers Coffee Makers Clothes Dryers Cooktops Dishwashers Humidifiers Microwave Ovens Ranges Refrigerators Thermostats Vacuum Cleaners Wall Ovens Washing Machines Water Heaters All Appliances more on appliance best washer and Dryer set NewsVideos All Product ReviewsBabies & Kids most Popular Air Purifiers Baby Monitors Bike Helmets Car seat Children 's Health Cribs doctor & hospital Flu Prevention & Treatment Guide Food Health Insurance High Chairs Humidifiers Strollers Thermometers All baby & Kids more on baby & Kids best infant car seat of 2019 NewsVideos All Product ReviewsCars Research Cars all New & use car rating convertible Hybrids/EVs Luxury Cars Minivans Pickup Trucks Sedans Small Cars SUVs Wagons Car Buying & pricing New Car Buying Guide use car buying Guide Build & buy car Buying Service ® use car Marketplace All Car Buying & pricing Maintenance & Repair Tires Car Batteries Car Repair Estimator All Maintenance & Repair All Cars more on car best new car deal newsvideostalk car Podcast All Product ReviewsElectronics most Popular Computers Cameras Fitness Trackers Headphones Laptops Printers Smartphones Smartwatches Sound Bars Streaming Media Players Streaming Media Services Tablets tv Wireless Routers All Electronics more on Electronics best Laptops of 2019 NewsVideos All Product ReviewsHealth most Popular Bike Helmets Blood Glucose Meters Blood pressure monitor elliptical exerciser Fitness Trackers Food & drink Guide Health Insurance Hearing Aids Humidifiers Sunscreens Treadmills Vitamins & Supplements All Health more on Health Flu Prevention & Treatment Guide NewsVideos All Product ReviewsHome & Garden most Popular Flooring Generators Interior & Exterior Paints Leaf Blowers Mattresses Smoke & CO Detectors Snow Blowers storm & Emergency Guide String Trimmers Toilets Water Filters Windows All Home & Garden more on Home & Garden best portable generator from consumer report ' test NewsVideos All Product ReviewsMoney most Popular Airline Travel Banks & Credit union Car Insurance Credit Card comparison Tool Credit Cards Eyeglass Stores Grocery Stores & supermarket Homeowners Insurance Luggage Pharmacies Prepaid Cards Retirement Planning Guide All Money more on Money how to avoid rise Bank fee NewsVideos News take Action about Us become a Member Donate One-Time Donation monthly Giving other Ways to give SearchAll Products A-Z become a Member Donate One-Time Donation monthly Giving other Ways to give sign in remember I forget username or password ? Forgot username or password ? not a member ? join today need further assistance ? please call Member Services at 1-800-333-0663 Join Consumer Reports Basic membership be FREE . show password by click `` become a Member '' you accept the term of we user agreement and Privacy Policy . already a member ? sign in welcome to Consumer Reports . we be so glad to have you as a member . you now have access to benefit that can help you choose right , be safe and stay inform . get start car Repair Estimator get a location-based car repair estimate . provide by benefit of the Repair cost Estimator Never Overpay we free estimator calculate a custom price for you vehicle repair . encyclopedia you destination for expert knowledge on popular car repair . access Valuable Tips Gain tip to help to get you car repair right the first time . cr expert Advice what you need to Know about Car Maintenance & Repairs check the Engine Oil at least once a month , check the oil level with a cold car park on level ground -- or per the owner 's manual . assess the Air Filter remove the air-filter element and hold it up to a strong light . if you do not see light shine through , replace it . inspect car belt and hose with a cool engine , look for sign of wear , stress , and crack among the hose and belt . feel for usually soft spot on hose . check Tire Air pressure once a month and before any extended road trip , use a accurate tire-pressure gauge to check the inflation pressure in each tire , include the spare . Wash the Car Wash the body with a car-specific soap and , if necessary , hose out the fender well and undercarriage to remove dirt and road salt . wax car wax offer a great way to protect you car from scratch and preserve the shine , but even the best wax last just a few week . find a Shop for you brand of car many garage specialize in certain make . those that focus on you type be more likely to have the latest training and equipment to fix you vehicle . check for Certification you mechanic and shop should be certify by the National Institute for Automotive Service Excellence , or ASE . related story Tips on how to maintain you New Car how to check you car 's Engine Oil what do the check Engine Light mean ? how to make you car last 200,000 Miles where to go for car maintenance and repair what be RepairPal ? whether you decide to do the work yourself or hire a trained mechanic , Consumer Reports know that get you car service can be a stressful event . we have long help car buyer make the right purchasing decision and now we be help you to keep you car properly maintain . we be dedicate to help you understand you car , the repair process and the cost involve , and we tool and advice will help you along the way . provide by RepairPal , the car Repair Estimator and Car Repair Encyclopedia will arm you with the information you need to repair and maintain you car , whether it be routine maintenance or a unexpected repair . RepairPal 's mission be to take the mystery out of auto repair . launch in 2007 , RepairPal develop a patented auto repair price estimator that educate consumer about the fair cost of auto repair . if you have feedback about you experience with repair pal or you need help , please contact customer care . repair and recall datum provide by RepairPal.com © 2019 . all rights reserve . Member support contact Us Account Settings what be membership ? make a donation newsletter give a gift about about Us Career Opportunities Media Room Advocacy Product Reviews Appliances baby & Kids Cars Electronics Health Home & Garden Money A-Z Index Magazine & Books current Issue Magazine Archive 5 Year Index Bookstore more Video en Español Canada Extra Report a Safety Problem buy a New Car buy a use car join donate Facebook Twitter YouTube instagram create with sketch . Pinterest Privacy Policy -lrb- update Sept. 26 , 2018 -rrb- user agreement ad choice © 2019 Consumer Reports , Inc. × oops ! you no longer have digital access to rating and review . reactivate now to get the information you be look for ! you will get digital access to review and rating for over 8,000 product and service to help you make better choice for life 's big moment and the everyday one in between . if you feel you have receive this message in error , please view we customer care faq or access you account information here . -rsb-