-lsb- Product Reviews Top Products Appliances baby & Kids Cars Electronics Health Home & Garden Money All Products A-Z all Product Reviews Appliances Dishwashers Refrigerators Vacuum Cleaners Washing Machines baby & Kids Bike Helmets Car seat Humidifiers Strollers Cars New & use car Research Car Buying & pricing Maintenance & Repair Tires Electronics Headphones Laptops Printers tv Health Blood pressure monitor Fitness Trackers Hearing Aids Treadmills Home & Garden Generators Leaf Blowers Mattresses Snow Blowers Money Airlines Car Insurance Homeowners Insurance Luggage All Product ReviewsAppliances most Popular Air Purifiers Coffee Makers Clothes Dryers Cooktops Dishwashers Humidifiers Microwave Ovens Ranges Refrigerators Thermostats Vacuum Cleaners Wall Ovens Washing Machines Water Heaters All Appliances more on appliance best washer and Dryer set NewsVideos All Product ReviewsBabies & Kids most Popular Air Purifiers Baby Monitors Bike Helmets Car seat Children 's Health Cribs doctor & hospital Flu Prevention & Treatment Guide Food Health Insurance High Chairs Humidifiers Strollers Thermometers All baby & Kids more on baby & Kids best infant car seat of 2019 NewsVideos All Product ReviewsCars Research Cars all New & use car rating convertible Hybrids/EVs Luxury Cars Minivans Pickup Trucks Sedans Small Cars SUVs Wagons Car Buying & pricing New Car Buying Guide use car buying Guide Build & buy car Buying Service ® use car Marketplace All Car Buying & pricing Maintenance & Repair Tires Car Batteries Car Repair Estimator All Maintenance & Repair All Cars more on car best new car deal newsvideostalk car Podcast All Product ReviewsElectronics most Popular Computers Cameras Fitness Trackers Headphones Laptops Printers Smartphones Smartwatches Sound Bars Streaming Media Players Streaming Media Services Tablets tv Wireless Routers All Electronics more on Electronics best Laptops of 2019 NewsVideos All Product ReviewsHealth most Popular Bike Helmets Blood Glucose Meters Blood pressure monitor elliptical exerciser Fitness Trackers Food & drink Guide Health Insurance Hearing Aids Humidifiers Sunscreens Treadmills Vitamins & Supplements All Health more on Health Flu Prevention & Treatment Guide NewsVideos All Product ReviewsHome & Garden most Popular Flooring Generators Interior & Exterior Paints Leaf Blowers Mattresses Smoke & CO Detectors Snow Blowers storm & Emergency Guide String Trimmers Toilets Water Filters Windows All Home & Garden more on Home & Garden best portable generator from consumer report ' test NewsVideos All Product ReviewsMoney most Popular Airline Travel Banks & Credit union Car Insurance Credit Card comparison Tool Credit Cards Eyeglass Stores Grocery Stores & supermarket Homeowners Insurance Luggage Pharmacies Prepaid Cards Retirement Planning Guide All Money more on Money how to avoid rise Bank fee NewsVideos News take Action about Us become a Member Donate One-Time Donation monthly Giving other Ways to give SearchAll Products A-Z become a Member Donate One-Time Donation monthly Giving other Ways to give sign in remember I forget username or password ? Forgot username or password ? not a member ? join today need further assistance ? please call Member Services at 1-800-333-0663 Join Consumer Reports Basic membership be FREE . show password by click `` become a Member '' you accept the term of we user agreement and Privacy Policy . already a member ? sign in welcome to Consumer Reports . we be so glad to have you as a member . you now have access to benefit that can help you choose right , be safe and stay inform . get start water heater Overview rating & reliability buying Guide Sign in or become a Member Water Heater Buying Guide find the best water heater 0 SHARES share be nice yes , send I a copy of this email . send we respect you privacy . all email address you provide will be use just for send this story . thanks for share . oops , we mess up . try again later last update : November 2018 the cost of heating water consume almost 20 percent of you household budget , second only to what you spend on heating and cool you home . despite this expense , water heater be typically ignore until they break , leave you with no hot water and , possibly , a flood basement . if you water heater be near the end of its useful life and you be think of replace it before disaster strike , you will be happy to know that you have better choice , thanks to recent federal regulation that require water heater to be more energy-efficient . New storage tank water heater be require to operate more efficiently , and tankless -lrb- on-demand -rrb- water heater be even more efficient than that . typically , homeowner replace they old water heater with one of the same type that run on the same fuel -- natural gas or electricity . switching from a tank water heater to a tankless unit can be expensive because it require you to retrofit you plumbing and possibly you electrical system . but if you be build a new home or add to a exist one , install a tankless water heater may make economic sense . Consumer Reports recently test several electric and gas whole-house tankless water heater from brand such as Bosch , Navien , Noritz , Rheem , Rinnai , Tempra , and Trutankless . we compare the result with those of conventional tank heater from Rheem , one gas and one electric , as well as with a Rheem electric heat pump water heater , which be a variation on a tank water heater . follow a `` heavy use '' industry standard test , we compare the performance of gas and electric tankless water heater with the performance of they conventional tank counterpart . the test use a high draw pattern equal to use 84 gallon of water per day . that be the daily equivalent of take several shower , run the dishwasher , wash one load of laundry , and turn the faucet on and off multiple time . the test use a inlet temperature of 58 ° f for gas model and 74 ° f for electric -lrb- plus or minus 2 ° f -rrb- and a target outlet temperature of 120 ° F. because the tankless water heater perform similarly to each other , we average the result of each batch , gas and electric , and compare that score with the performance of the conventional gas and electric storage tank and the electric heat pump model . use the purchase price , annual energy cost , and a estimate cost of installation , we calculate the payback time for both new and replacement installation . payback time be longer for a tankless unit that replace a exist storage tank but more reasonable with new construction . check we gas and electric water heater rating for more . consider Capacity Tank water heater typically hold 40 , 50 , or 55 gallon or more . the size you buy depend on the number of people live in you home and you peak water usage . a family of four , for instance , might take several shower , run the dishwasher , and wash a load or two of laundry in a average day , total 100 gallon of hot water or more . but that do not mean that household need a 100-gallon storage tank . for storage tank water heater , it be important to consider the first-hour rating , which be the number of gallon a water heater can deliver in a hour start with a full tank . you will find the fhr on the EnergyGuide label . to calculate what FHR will work for you home , use the calculator on the Energy Saver website . as the result of recently update efficiency standard , water heater under 55 gallon now have a 4 percent boost in efficiency , while water heater 55 gallon or more have efficiency gain of 25 to 50 percent depend on the technology use -- heat pump or condensing . -lrb- see water heater type below . -rrb- and do not assume a new water heater will fit where you old one be . because of increase insulation and other efficiency improvement , some newer model may be wider and/or taller than you old water heater . tankless water heater , of course , do not hold much water , so the number to look for be the gallons-per-minute rating -lrb- gpm -rrb- . that be the number that tell you how much hot water the heater can deliver over a set period of time . the higher the GPM , the more hot water the unit can deliver . if you have a big family and multiple bathroom , you will need a tankless water heater with a higher gpm . a typical shower , for example , use up to 2.5 gpm . for more , you can check we water heater rating . illustration : Chris Philpot Water Heaters rating by consumer report type of water heater depend on how much hot water you use and how you be heat the water -lrb- gas or electric -rrb- , there be several choice . some type be claim to cut energy cost by up to half that of regular storage model . but they add up-front cost mean payback time might be longer . check we gas and electric water heater rating for more . Storage Tank Water Heater Storage tank be the most common type of water heater . as the name suggest , these consist of a insulate tank in which water be heat and store until need , then emerge from a pipe on top of the water heater . there be also a temperature - and pressure-relief valve , which open if either exceed a preset level . natural-gas water heater typically use less energy and cost less to run -lrb- by about half -rrb- than electric water heater , although you should note that gas model cost more at the time of purchase . Shop Storage Tank Water Heaters on Amazon Heat pump rating tankless -lrb- on-demand -rrb- water heater rather than store water , tankless water heater use heating coil to heat the water as you need it . they be more energy-efficient than a storage tank but provide only a limited flow of hot water per minute -- about 3.5 gallon , depend on inlet water temperature . they be best for people who typically be not draw water for more than one use at a time -- such as run a shower and dishwasher simultaneously . tankless model be best for home that use natural gas to heat the water ; electric model might require a expensive upgrade of the home 's electrical capacity . Shop Tankless Water Heaters on Amazon Heat pump -lrb- hybrid -rrb- water Heater these capture heat from the air and transfer it to the water . they use about 60 percent less energy than standard electric water heater . and while they cost more than electric-only model , installation be similar and payback time be short . but they do not work well in very cold space and need to be place in a area that stay about 40 ° f to 90 ° F. and because the heat pump be on top , a hybrid water heater need as much as 7 foot of clearance from floor to ceiling . you will also need up to 1,000 cubic foot of uncooled space to capture enough heat from the air as well as a nearby drain to discharge the condensate . Shop Heat pump water heater on Amazon Solar Water Heater A roof-mounted cell absorb the sun 's heat and transfer it to a antifreeze-like fluid in a closed-loop system that run to the water tank . the best deliver stellar savings in summer , make they attractive for warm , sunny region . but savings suffer on cold and cloudy day . most model employ a backup system that kick in when need . even with federal and local rebate , what you will spend to buy and install a solar system can mean you wait 10 to 30 year to recoup you cost . Shop Solar Water Heaters on Amazon Condensing Water Heater Condensing water heater be a option if you heat with gas and need a unit with a capacity of more than 55 gallon . these model have a tank like a conventional water heater , but they capture exhaust gas that would normally go out the flue , which waste energy . these gas be blow through a coil in the base of the unit , where incoming cold water can absorb most of the heat . Shop Condensing Water Heaters on Amazon feature to consider Warranty : Coverage for water heater typically run three to 12 year . while you will usually pay a bit more for longer-warranty model , we have find that they tend to have larger element or burner that can speed up water heating and have thicker insulation for less heat loss . choose a water heater with the longest warranty available . anti-scale device : some brand advertise feature that be suppose to reduce buildup of mineral scale at the bottom of the tank by swirl the water . while scale can shorten the life of the heating element , you do not need to invest in fancy feature to get a water heater that last . just look for one with a 12-year warranty , which typically include a longer or thicker element . brass vs. plastic drain valve : these be situate near the base of the water heater for a garden hose that drain the heater . look for brass drain valve , which be more durable than plastic . glass-lined tank : design to reduce corrosion . Digital display : help you monitor level and customize operation . some electric/heat pump hybrid water heater let you set a vacation mode that use just the heat pump for add efficiency when you be away . display on solar water heater often show tank and collector temperature , along with pressure reading and other info . click here for water heater rating by consumer report . water heater rating water Heater Brands A.O. Smith GE Kenmore Rheem Whirlpool Other Brands A.O. Smith make residential and commercial water heater , boiler , and storage tank that be sell exclusively by plumbing wholesaler and plumbing contractor . it manufacture tankless , hybrid , solar , and high-efficiency tank water heater . General Electric make gas and electric water heater . GE tank water heater be available in multiple size , with energy-efficiency claim that vary by size and multiple level of warranty coverage . the company 's tank water heater be available exclusively at Home Depot . General Electric also make GeoSpring , a line of electric heat pump water heater manufacture in the U.S. Kenmore make gas and electric water heater . its water heater be available in multiple size , and in Power Miser and Hydrosense electronic-temperature-control configuration . Kenmore water heater be available at Sears and other retailer . Rheem manufacture and market gas and electric water heater . Rheem make residential water heater in tank , tankless , and point-of-use configuration and unit that work with solar water-heater system . Rheem water heater be available in multiple size and with multiple warranty , with energy-efficiency claim that vary by size . Rheem tankless water heater be available at Home Depot . its tank water heater be available online and through a network of dealer . Whirlpool manufacture and market gas and electric water heater . Whirlpool tank water heater be available in multiple size , and standard and power vent configuration . Whirlpool water heater be available at Lowe 's . other water heater brand currently on the market include : Bradford White , EcoSmart , Heat pump , Rinnai , and state . Consumer Reports be a independent , non-profit organization dedicate to help consumer . we make it easy to buy the right product from a variety of retailer . click a retailer link will take you to that retailer 's website to shop . when you shop through retailer link on we site , we may earn a affiliate commission -- 100 % of the fee we collect be use to support we mission . learn more . we service be unbiased : retailer can not influence placement . all price be subject to change . more from Consumer Reports Tankless Water Heaters vs. Storage Tank Water Heaters 64 Key Home and Appliance Recalls of 2018 Navien recall 3,400 tankless water heater due to risk of CO Poisoning A.O. Smith recall Residential Water Heaters Due to Fire Hazard comment Member support contact Us Account Settings what be membership ? make a donation newsletter give a gift about about Us Career Opportunities Media Room Advocacy Product Reviews Appliances baby & Kids Cars Electronics Health Home & Garden Money A-Z Index Magazine & Books current Issue Magazine Archive 5 Year Index Bookstore more Video en Español Canada Extra Report a Safety Problem buy a New Car buy a use car join donate Facebook Twitter YouTube instagram create with sketch . Pinterest Privacy Policy -lrb- update Sept. 26 , 2018 -rrb- user agreement ad choice © 2019 Consumer Reports , Inc. . -rsb-