-lsb- Product Reviews Top Products Appliances baby & Kids Cars Electronics Health Home & Garden Money All Products A-Z all Product Reviews Appliances Dishwashers Refrigerators Vacuum Cleaners Washing Machines baby & Kids Bike Helmets Car seat Humidifiers Strollers Cars New & use car Research Car Buying & pricing Maintenance & Repair Tires Electronics Headphones Laptops Printers tv Health Blood pressure monitor Fitness Trackers Hearing Aids Treadmills Home & Garden Generators Leaf Blowers Mattresses Snow Blowers Money Airlines Car Insurance Homeowners Insurance Luggage All Product ReviewsAppliances most Popular Air Purifiers Coffee Makers Clothes Dryers Cooktops Dishwashers Humidifiers Microwave Ovens Ranges Refrigerators Thermostats Vacuum Cleaners Wall Ovens Washing Machines Water Heaters All Appliances more on appliance best washer and Dryer set NewsVideos All Product ReviewsBabies & Kids most Popular Air Purifiers Baby Monitors Bike Helmets Car seat Children 's Health Cribs doctor & hospital Flu Prevention & Treatment Guide Food Health Insurance High Chairs Humidifiers Strollers Thermometers All baby & Kids more on baby & Kids best infant car seat of 2019 NewsVideos All Product ReviewsCars Research Cars all New & use car rating convertible Hybrids/EVs Luxury Cars Minivans Pickup Trucks Sedans Small Cars SUVs Wagons Car Buying & pricing New Car Buying Guide use car buying Guide Build & buy car Buying Service ® use car Marketplace All Car Buying & pricing Maintenance & Repair Tires Car Batteries Car Repair Estimator All Maintenance & Repair All Cars more on car best new car deal newsvideostalk car Podcast All Product ReviewsElectronics most Popular Computers Cameras Fitness Trackers Headphones Laptops Printers Smartphones Smartwatches Sound Bars Streaming Media Players Streaming Media Services Tablets tv Wireless Routers All Electronics more on Electronics best Laptops of 2019 NewsVideos All Product ReviewsHealth most Popular Bike Helmets Blood Glucose Meters Blood pressure monitor elliptical exerciser Fitness Trackers Food & drink Guide Health Insurance Hearing Aids Humidifiers Sunscreens Treadmills Vitamins & Supplements All Health more on Health Flu Prevention & Treatment Guide NewsVideos All Product ReviewsHome & Garden most Popular Flooring Generators Interior & Exterior Paints Leaf Blowers Mattresses Smoke & CO Detectors Snow Blowers storm & Emergency Guide String Trimmers Toilets Water Filters Windows All Home & Garden more on Home & Garden best portable generator from consumer report ' test NewsVideos All Product ReviewsMoney most Popular Airline Travel Banks & Credit union Car Insurance Credit Card comparison Tool Credit Cards Eyeglass Stores Grocery Stores & supermarket Homeowners Insurance Luggage Pharmacies Prepaid Cards Retirement Planning Guide All Money more on Money how to avoid rise Bank fee NewsVideos News take Action about Us become a Member Donate One-Time Donation monthly Giving other Ways to give SearchAll Products A-Z become a Member Donate One-Time Donation monthly Giving other Ways to give sign in remember I forget username or password ? Forgot username or password ? not a member ? join today need further assistance ? please call Member Services at 1-800-333-0663 Join Consumer Reports Basic membership be FREE . show password by click `` become a Member '' you accept the term of we user agreement and Privacy Policy . already a member ? sign in welcome to Consumer Reports . we be so glad to have you as a member . you now have access to benefit that can help you choose right , be safe and stay inform . get start best Laptops of 2019 New laptop from HP , Microsoft to appear on store shelf just in time for the holiday . by Nicholas Deleon last update : January 01 , 2019 0 SHARES share be nice yes , send I a copy of this email . send we respect you privacy . all email address you provide will be use just for send this story . thanks for share . oops , we mess up . try again later just a few week before the holiday shopping season kick into high gear , HP and Microsoft introduce a handful of new laptop that be likely to wind up on more than a few wish list . announced on Monday and Tuesday , respectively , the HP Spectre Folio and Microsoft surface laptop 2 and surface pro 6 be position as higher-end laptop for consumer seek a premium computing experience . the Spectre Folio be a entirely new device to the HP lineup , a 2-in-1 convertible that be wrap in 100 % genuine leather and be characterize by the company as nothing less than a `` reinvention '' of the pc . the surface device , meanwhile , focus more on internal update to bring they in line with other 2018 flagship . the surface laptop 2 be a traditional notebook while the surface pro 6 be a 2-in-1 detachable , which mean the keyboard can be disconnect from the display . `` the Spectre Folio look great , and they do not slouch on the internal component either , '' say Patrick Moorhead , founder , president and principal analyst at Moor Insights & Strategy . `` I do not think you be go to be editing 4k video on it , but it have more than enough performance for thing like word and powerpoint . '' all three laptop be equip with the latest Intel processor , speedy solid state drive , and a minimum of 8gb of memory . the Spectre Folio and surface pro also include built-in LTE , which let you connect to high-speed cellular network for a add fee . that be not only convenient , but potentially more secure than connect to you local coffee shop 's Wifi network . -lrb- we advice ? do not connect to one of those without a VPN . -rrb- more on Laptops best Laptops under $ 300 the fastest laptop for the money how to get Better laptop Battery Life best new feature in 2018 Laptops Consumer Reports test dozen of new laptop each year , evaluate they on a range of factor , include performance , display quality , and battery life , so you do not waste you money on a clunker . all product we test , whether they be laptop , television , or dishwasher , be buy at retail store . `` if we accept a sample directly from a manufacturer , there be always a risk it could be tweak to perform better in we test , '' say Antonette Asedillo , who oversee computer testing for consumer report . Consumer Reports now incorporate brand reliability and owner satisfaction datum into the overall score for laptop . these factor be base on survey of we member . `` brand reliability and owner satisfaction be very important to people , '' Asedillo say . `` by combine that datum with we lab test result , it become easier for consumer to see how all these different factor measure up . '' Consumer Reports have also incorporate reliability and owner satisfaction into the rating for desktop computer , tablet , and Chromebooks . Below be some of the best laptop of the year in each of five screen-size category . upgrade to read the full article and get access to digital rating . we investigate , research , and test so you can choose with confidence . upgrade or , sign in become a member to read the full article and get access to digital rating . we investigate , research , and test so you can choose with confidence . become a Member or , Sign in Upgrade to read the full article and get access to digital rating . we investigate , research , and test so you can choose with confidence . upgrade or , sign in 10 - to 11-inch : Samsung Galaxy Book 10.6 -lrb- 64gb -rrb- the world of 10 - to 11-inch laptop do not exactly scream performance -- the smallest machine often have relatively slow processor and small amount of storage space and memory . but what these laptop lack in raw power they make up for in portability , make they well-suited for consumer who have modest computing need but who value a light work bag . take the Samsung Galaxy Book 10.6 -lrb- 64gb -rrb- , which have be available for a little more than a year . this $ 630 laptop can easily handle everyday task such as browse the web , work inside app like Microsoft Word and PowerPoint , and watch the occasional Netflix or YouTube video -- but with only 4 gigabyte of memory , perhaps not at the same time . ask this computer to , say , render Ultra High Definition 4k video in a reasonable amount of time may be ask too much . the include 64gb of solid-state storage be also on the modest size , so it may be prudent to plan on use a cloud storage service such as dropbox or Microsoft OneDrive to store you file . however , for consumer look for a small , windows-based laptop that can be tuck into a bag , that can be carry to and fro without pull a muscle , and that will last nearly 10 hour on a single charge , Samsung 's Galaxy Book be a solid option . 0 SHARES share be nice yes , send I a copy of this email . send we respect you privacy . all email address you provide will be use just for send this story . thanks for share . oops , we mess up . try again later Member support contact Us Account Settings what be membership ? make a donation newsletter give a gift about about Us Career Opportunities Media Room Advocacy Product Reviews Appliances baby & Kids Cars Electronics Health Home & Garden Money A-Z Index Magazine & Books current Issue Magazine Archive 5 Year Index Bookstore more Video en Español Canada Extra Report a Safety Problem buy a New Car buy a use car join donate Facebook Twitter YouTube instagram create with sketch . Pinterest Privacy Policy -lrb- update Sept. 26 , 2018 -rrb- user agreement ad choice © 2019 Consumer Reports , Inc. . -rsb-